(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Now it's time for me to show you my solution
to this repository.
I made modifications to the three files.
The first one is our staff member class.
You'll see that I annotated this
with at entity and table for the class, and then at ID
and column for all of our attributes.
On line 23, you'll see the enumerated annotation
that I was telling you about
so that it can store the enum in the database
and retrieve it and cast it into an enum in the application.
You'll also notice on line 27 that I went ahead
and set a new staff member to have a random UUID.
And this is specifically so
that I have a way to set the UUID
because I don't have a way of doing it
in the database in the way I've got it configured.
The next element that I did was I created
a staff repository.
And this once again is an empty file.
That is an interface that extends JPA repository.
It has a staff member and a string as the ID type.
And then I went into my staff service
and I deleted all of the static mock data.
I brought in a staff repository
injected it via the constructor.
And then when I returned on the get all staff
I simply call find all in the repository.
So with that, we can get our application up
and running.
Allow our application to come up
and we can do a couple tests.
So the first thing we'll do is we'll go to the terminal
and we'll do an HTTP, pull an 8080 slash API slash staff.
It returns data from the database.
Go ahead and make sure we didn't break rooms.
That also returns data.
Now let's go to a browser
and we will go to staff
and you'll see that we still return our staff itself.
And as we would expect,
our rooms should also work
and they do.
And that's all there is to my solution
on how to build a repository, to expose the staff.